#### Q-1 Revising the Select Query I

- Query all columns for all American cities in the CITY table with populations larger than 100000. The CountryCode for America is USA.

```bash
SELECT * FROM CITY WHERE POPULATION > 100000 AND COUNTRYCODE = 'USA';
```


#### Q-2 Revising the Select Query II

- Query the NAME field for all American cities in the CITY table with populations larger than 120000. The CountryCode for America is USA.

```bash
SELECT NAME FROM CITY WHERE POPULATION > 120000 AND COUNTRYCODE = 'USA';
```

#### Q-3 Select All

- Query all columns (attributes) for every row in the CITY table.

```bash
SELECT * FROM CITY;
```

#### Q-4 Select By ID

- Query all columns for a city in CITY with the ID 1661.

```bash
SELECT * FROM CITY WHERE ID = 1661;
```

#### Q-5 Japanese Cities' Attributes

- Query all attributes of every Japanese city in the CITY table. The COUNTRYCODE for Japan is JPN.

```bash
SELECT * FROM CITY WHERE COUNTRYCODE = 'JPN';
```

#### Q-6 Japanese Cities' Names

- Query the names of all the Japanese cities in the CITY table. The COUNTRYCODE for Japan is JPN.

```bash
SELECT NAME FROM CITY WHERE COUNTRYCODE = 'JPN';
```

#### Q-7 Weather Observation Station 1

- Query a list of CITY and STATE from the STATION table.

```bash
SELECT CITY , STATE FROM STATION  ;
```

#### Q-8 Weather Observation Station 3

- Query a list of CITY names from STATION for cities that have an even ID number. Print the results in any order, but exclude duplicates from the answer.

```bash
SELECT DISTINCT CITY
FROM STATION
WHERE MOD(ID, 2) = 0;
```

#### Q-9 Weather Observation Station 4

- Find the difference between the total number of CITY entries in the table and the number of distinct CITY entries in the table.

```bash
SELECT COUNT(CITY)- COUNT(DISTINCT CITY) FROM STATION;

```

#### Q-10 Weather Observation Station 5

- Query the two cities in STATION with the shortest and longest CITY names, as well as their respective lengths (i.e.: number of characters in the name). If there is more than one smallest or largest city, choose the one that comes first when ordered alphabetically.

```bash

SELECT CITY, LENGTH(CITY) FROM STATION ORDER BY LENGTH(CITY),CITY LIMIT 1;
SELECT CITY, LENGTH(CITY) FROM STATION ORDER BY LENGTH(CITY) DESC LIMIT 1;

```